User's Perspective:
Carnival is a program which moves a system of objects around the screen, each
with a different axis of motion. The central object is a square which moves
horizontally across the screen. From the center of this square there is a line 
that extends out from the center and rotates in a circle around the square. 
On the end of this arm, there is a system of four smaller lines that rotate in 
a circle around the end of the first arm. Located at the end of each of these 
four smaller arms is a circle. On top of this system there is a circle with
its center located at the center of the sliding square. The radius of the 
circle oscillates so the circle gets bigger and smaller as it slides across the
screen. Press q to stop the animation and close the window.

Programmer's Perspective:
This program is based mainly off of keeping track of the centers and endpoints
of lines that are in the system of motion. In the main function of the program
the position of the the center of the square, the change in angle of the
rotating objects, and the radius of the oscillating circle. In main the 
oscillating circle is drawn and the funtion to draw the sliding square is
called.

In this function the sliding square is drawn and the next function is called.
The next function is used to draw the rotating arm. After the rotating arm is
drawn the function to draw the wheel arms is called. The two funtions to draw
the arm and wheel have the angle of whiched they are drawn by a value that is
incremented in main. After the wheel is drawn the circles on the tips of 
the arms are drawn. 

This completes drawing all of the different parts of the system. Their
positions are incremented each time through the loop to give the appearance
of motion. When all the different pieces are drawn a function is called to
change the color in which the shapes are being drawn so that each of the 
shapes is drawn in a different color.

Accuracy:
I checked the accuracy of the program by observing if the animation of 
system perfomred as I expected them to.
