User's Persepctive:
This program gives you four different options of what to do with a list of 
sayings. You begin by entering the name of a file that contains a list of
sayings. After entering this file you will be able to either list all of the
sayings in the file, add new sayings to the list, search for sayings containing
a certain word, or save all of the sayings to a new file which the user inputs
the name of the file.

Programmer's Perpestive:
This program contains five functions not including the work done in main. These
five functions are readFile, printSayings, newSaying, searchWord, and
saveSayings. The program begins in main by prompting the user to enter the name
of the startup file containing the sayings. It checks to see that the file
actaully exists. If it does not then it displays and error message and ends the
program. If the file does exist then a the sayings are read in as strings and
put in an array. A menu is then diplayed which lists the options the user has
to interact with the program. The user then enters their choice. Their choice is
used to decide which case of a switch statement is executed. If the user's 
choice is not valid then they are asked to enter another choice. The user can
exit the program by typing "5" when prompted to enter a choice. Options 1 - 4
direct the program towards the respective functions.

Option "1" prints all the sayings in the array. It prints the sayings by
printing the rows of the array as strings.

Option "2" prompts the user to add a new saying to the list. The user enters
the new saying and it is copied into the array of strings.

Option "3" allows the user to search for a specific keyword within the list of
sayings and prints only the sayings that contain the keyword. The function 
prompts the user to enter the keyword. The function strstr is then used to 
check to check each saying for the keyword. If it finds a saying that contains
it then it is printed.

Option "4" allows the user to save the array of sayings into a new file. The 
user is prompted to enter the name of the file in which the sayings will be 
copied to. The sayings are then printed into the new file using fprintf.

Output Verification:
I checked for the validity of the output of my program by running it through
multiple iterations and observing that it gave the outputs that were expected.
I began by running the program and printing out the list of sayings. I then
would add sayings to the list and reprint the list to make sure that it
properly added the new strings to the array. I then would search for certain
keywords and made sure the program printed the correct strings. Finally I
would save the sayings to a new file and then open the file to make sure that
all the strings were properly copied over to the new file.
